README.md, before:

# E. P. Ellyson

E. P. Ellyson is a [Hugo][hugo] theme built with HTML5, CSS, and Vanilla JavaScript.

<img alt="Photo of E. P. Ellyson" src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/da/Ellyson.jpg" width="auto" height="320px">

Named after [Edgar Painter Ellyson][edgar-ellyson-wiki] (1869–1954), the third general superintendent of the Church of the Nazarene, this theme is designed to showcase electronic editions of the [_Manual of the Church of the Nazarene_][manual].

The E. P. Ellyson theme is meant to be lightweight and user-friendly. The theme is made as modular as possible to prioritize effecient delivery over connections with limited bandwidth and on smaller screens.

## Contributing

All issues and pull requests are welcome. Ask questions. Correct typos. 

If you code, that’s great!

If you don’t, then please help us improve our documentation and other text files.

Check out our [wiki][theme-wiki] and [contributing guidelines][contributing] for more information.

[contributing]: https://github.com/reubenlillie/epellyson/blob/master/.github/CONTRIBUTING.md
[edgar-ellyson-wiki]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Edgar_Ellyson
[hugo]: https://gohugo.io/
[manual]: https://manual.nazarene.org/
[theme-wiki]: https://github.com/reubenlillie/epellyson/wiki

Commit message:

Add installation instructions to README.md

README.md, after:

# E. P. Ellyson

E. P. Ellyson is a [Hugo][hugo] theme built with HTML5, CSS, and Vanilla JavaScript.

<img alt="Photo of E. P. Ellyson" src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/da/Ellyson.jpg" width="auto" height="320px">

Named after [Edgar Painter Ellyson][edgar-ellyson-wiki] (1869–1954), the third general superintendent of the Church of the Nazarene, this theme is designed to showcase electronic editions of the [_Manual of the Church of the Nazarene_][manual].

The E. P. Ellyson theme is meant to be lightweight and user-friendly. The theme is made as modular as possible to prioritize effecient delivery over connections with limited bandwidth and on smaller screens.

## Installation

This theme is a submodule to the [main site repository][main-site]. _If you have already installed the main repository locally, then there is no need to install the this theme separately._

However, if you wish to test this theme with a different Hugo project:

1. Follow [instructions to install Hugo locally][hugo-install].
1. Add this theme as a submodule

```
$ git submodule add https://github.com/reubenlillie/epellyson themes/epellyson
```

## Contributing

All issues and pull requests are welcome. Ask questions. Correct typos. 

If you code, that’s great!

If you don’t, then please help us improve our documentation and other text files.

Check out our [wiki][theme-wiki] and [contributing guidelines][contributing] for more information.

[contributing]: https://github.com/reubenlillie/epellyson/blob/master/.github/CONTRIBUTING.md
[edgar-ellyson-wiki]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Edgar_Ellyson
[hugo]: https://gohugo.io/
[hugo-install]: https://gohugo.io/getting-started/installing/
[main-site]: https://github.com/reubenlillie/manual
[manual]: https://manual.nazarene.org/
[theme-wiki]: https://github.com/reubenlillie/epellyson/wiki
